https://vk.com/				        Russian social networking website
http://www.bild.de/				German newspaper
https://www.google.com/				Google search engine
http://www.indiatimes.com/			India news portal
http://www.bbc.co.uk/				The BBC Homepage - Your gateway to BBC
https://www.facebook.com/			Facebook
https://www.youtube.com/			Video sharing platform
http://www.ebay.com/				International person to person auction site
http://www.amazon.com/				World's largest online market
https://www.baidu.com/				Chinese language search engine
http://www.olx.com.br/				consumer to consumer online market - Brazil
http://ruv.is/				        Icelandic TV channel
http://www.sportal.bg/				popular sports media in Bulgaria
https://web.de/				        Germany's largest Internet portal
http://www.bt.dk/				News site from Denmark
http://farsnews.com/				First Non-Govermental News Agency
http://bazaraki.com/				Cyprus Classified Ads
https://twitter.com/				Social networking and microblogging service
http://www.sina.com.cn/				China's famous IM provider.
http://www.news.com.au/				News from Australia and the world
http://www.sapo.pt/				largest Web Portal and ISP in Portugal
https://www.google.co.za/			Google Zambia
https://www.wikipedia.org/			Collaboratively built encyclopedia
https://www.yahoo.com/				A major internet portal and search engine
http://www.cbc.ca/				Canadian radio and TV network.
http://divar.ir/				Classified ads platform in Iran.
http://www.ouedkniss.com/			An Ebay like website from Algeria
http://www.elnuevoherald.com/			Local and national news from Miami
http://www.uol.com.br/				Internet access and additional services .
http://www.sigmalive.com/			Internet information portal
http://www.nrk.no/				News, sports, entertainment from Norway
http://www.milliyet.com.tr/			Turkish news website
http://www.qq.com/				China's largest Internet service portal
http://www.spiegel.de/				News , analysis , videos - Germany
http://www.haaretz.com/				News website from Israel
http://www.elmundo.es/				ElMundo newspaper from Spain
http://www.digikala.com/			E-commerce site in Iran
http://www.lanacion.com.ar/			National and international news - Argentina
http://www.snapdeal.com/			the largest Online marketplace in India
http://www.ebay.com.au/				Auction website from Australia
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/index.html	National tabloid offers news (UK)
http://www.ennaharonline.com/ar/		independent Algerian news
http://www.theguardian.com/uk			Newspaper from UK
http://ekstrabladet.dk/				Nationwide tabloid - Denmark
http://cat.elpais.com/				ElPais newspaper
http://www.takealot.com/			Online marketplace in South Africa
http://abola.pt/				Sports news from the world
http://www.pressan.is/				Icelandic news
http://ja.is/				        Search engine, directory service
https://www.craigslist.org/about/sites		Personal advertisements portal
http://us.weibo.com/gb				China's Amazon
http://www.ebay.in/				Ebay India
http://www.blogspot.com.br/			Blogging platform
http://www.rightmove.co.uk/			Online housing market
https://www.hurriyet.com.tr/anasayfa/		Turkish newspaper
http://www.expressen.se/			Evening paper - Sweden
http://www.kerkida.net/				sports news -europe
http://www.mercadolibre.com.ar/			Auction site and offers - Argentina
https://www.fnb.co.za/				Banking service - South Africa
http://www.icicibank.com/			Banking and financial services
https://www.yandex.ru/				Russian search engine
http://bankofcyprus.com.cy/el-GR/		Bank from Cyprus
https://www.dagbladet.no/			Leading norwegian online newspaper
https://www.mako.co.il/				Israel News and Entertainment site
http://www.landsbankinn.is/			Bank from Iceland
https://bazar.bg/				Classified ads in Bulgaria
http://www.focus.de/				German news site
http://world.taobao.com/			Online shopping site in China
https://www.jumia.com.ng			Nigeria's No.1 online shopping destination
https://www.google.is/				Google Icelandic edition
https://www.kijiji.ca/				Free classified and 'wanted' advertising
https://www.amazon.ca/				Online shopping website - Canada
https://www.gmx.net/				Free e -mail service from Germany
http://www.aftonbladet.se/			Swedish newspaper
https://www.google.dk/				Google Denmark
http://www.leboncoin.fr/			free small ads site and without commission
https://mail.ru/				Russian Yahoo-like portal
https://www.orange.fr/				French telecom operator
https://www.sahibinden.com/			e-commerce platform in Turkey
http://www.mobile.bg/index_koli.html		Mobile operator in Bulgaria
https://www.gumtree.co.za/			Cape Town's online community
http://sberbank.ru/ru/person			Online banking  - Russian bank
https://www.finn.no/				Norway's biggest marketplace
https://www.yandex.com.tr/			Search engine for Turkish language content
http://www.clarin.com/				News and events - Buenos Aires, Argentina
https://www.google.com.cu/			Google.com Cuba
https://www.commbank.com.au/			Offers personal banking in Australia
https://www.google.fr/				Google France
http://olx.pt/				        Ebay like website from Portugal
https://imgur.com/				Online picture sharing
https://www.avito.ru/				Free ads from individuals, organizations
http://e24.no/				        Business news website - Norway
https://www.google.co.il/			Google Israel
https://www.reddit.com/				User-generated news links.
https://www.google.co.uk/			Google UK
http://www.amazon.fr/				Amazon France
http://www.flipkart.com/			Online shopping website in India.
https://eksisozluk.com/				Social media website from Turkey
https://www.amazon.in/				Amazon India
http://www.dba.dk/				Sale and exchange of used goods
